Title: A simple web framework for awesome websites and apps
---
Text:

▲ asimov.js mainly offers three things: a simple structure and workflow for creating content, a client side single page app framework with lots of convention and shortcuts, and a backend that takes care of mapping dependencies, generating minified resources and serving requests.
asdasdasdasdasdasd
asasdsadas

### The TLDR

Creating content is based on files and folders. Create a file with your content and other data, and it's filename will define what template will be used to render it.

International? Nemas problemas! Asimov supports localization out of the box, by simply creating more content and data files. {{link "/guides-and-examples/localization" "Read more..."}}

Single page applications, powered by Asimov's frontend framework, can be embedded on any page with one line, and will automatically be compiled to a minified bundle.

Same goes for styles declared using one line in the templates. And all files and their dependencies are observed for changes, and recompiled if needed.

A few great template helpers out of the box, and a simple structure to create your own.


Introduction
  basic concepts
    one server app, many client apps
    middleware and initializers
    files and folders
Getting started
  install...
  create project...
  launch server...
The server and you
  Order of loading
  Logging
  Watching folders and recompiling
Adding content
  Ordering = {n}-
  Hidden folders = _
Formatting Text
  markdown, handlebars, yaml
Adding media
  Media in content folders
  Media in site folder
Templates
  Partials
  Variables
    page, site
Helpers
  available both in templates and content files
  how to create your own helper?
  how to use helper from npm?
  what data and utilities are available in a helper?
  > browser/addons/helpers
Embedding applications
  application
Include stylesheets
  style
Multiple languages
  defaultLangCode = 'en'
  No langCode used on default langCode
  just add more content files
  new urls will be available with the rendered content
Middleware
  how to create your own
  how to override or extend existing
Initializers
  how to add your own
Guides and examples
  Express session authentication + client login app
  Passwordless authentication using email and token link
  Menus, the active state and children
